{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;\red220\green161\blue13;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;\cssrgb\c89412\c68627\c3922;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 User: olivia21 (Brown, Olivia)\
Before you use the app (or at least to test the in-app purchase), you must log into the Sandbox User as the iCloud account on your device. The Sandbox User login is: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:pupperapptest@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 pupperapptest@gmail.com}} CS193ptest. \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 When you open the app, you can choose to allow push notifications. Normally, the push notifications would run every few days, but (for testing purposes) I have them to send 30 seconds after you visit the initial screen. This will also affect the app badge notification and reset both when you open the app.\
\
You can try out donating to a shelter via Apple Pay (note: I have not linked it to an actual purchase method, so it will not actually charge you). This is just to show the PassKit/ApplePay API. Additionally, you can test out the in-app purchase of turning off the barking sound (again using the Sandbox User login, so it will let you try to purchase it and of course won\'92t charge you).\
\
After you press get started, you can either choose to enter your zip code or allow location services to enter it for you. It will show the city/state combination if available. You will not be able to continue if the entered text is not a valid zip code. \
\
You can then choose your preferences for size and age of dog. You will then be presented with a variety of breeds to choose from loaded from the dog.ceo API. You can choose a breed, and the tableView cell will expand to let you select it. Once you select a breed, you will be shown all your matches from the Petfinder API. Again, you can select on a dog to see its location, navigate to location via the pin icon, call or text the owner via the phone icon, and share the photo of the dog via the share icon. Additionally, you can choose \'93adopt me\'94, and you can choose a time, and then email the shelter to request a meeting.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Grading:\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Two Points:\
Decodable (complicated, nested JSON decoding)\
Third Party (Dog.ceo, Petfinder)\
URL/NSURL/URL Session\
Table view/ Custom table view cell\
Visual effect/ImageView\
Location/MapKit\
MessageUI\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Autolayout (expanding table view cells)\cf2 \
StoreKit\
AlertController\
(2 x 10) = 20\
\
One Point:\
Textfield\
Dates/Calendar Picker\
AVFoundation\
Push notifications\
Button\
ApplePay\
7\
\
Other:\
NCIL Bonus: 4\
Creativity: 2\
UI Design: 2 (3 on iPhone-only)\
Style: 2\
Stability: 3\
Checkpoint: 2\
Proposal: 2\
Presentation: 2\
Misc: 2 (esp. gesture, user defaults, image, label, navigation controller, feedback generator)\
21\
\
Total: 48\
\
Not sure if there counts as an API but the completion handler aspects of the API calls for this app was probably the most time-consuming, challenging part.\
}